Update README.md, add and fix links in PGD docs (#4583)
EnterpriseDB/docs: README.md

# MDX Format

> Documentation must be formatted as an [MDX file](https://mdxjs.com/docs/what-is-mdx/) with the `.mdx` extension. MDX is a superset of [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation must be formatted as an [MDX file](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/how-to/routing/mdx/#writing-pages-in-mdx) with the `.mdx` extension. MDX is a superset of [Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/).
```

We're MDX in Gatsby so not quite MDX pure. Hence a change of link.

Author: Good to know. I found the other link more helpful to get started with MDX, I'll rework that part to include both links.
